so I'm here at the Bronco and wow I got
curious this is a patch that was right
there where I can stick my hand through
rust I knew this thing was going to have
some rust rust issues before I bought it
this is all rest in here and then you
get down to the good metal right there
but this whole this whole quarter panel
is just filled in with bondo and I knew
that already
it's more bondo here it's trying to get
it all shipped away to determine if I'm
gonna have to end up replacing those
lower quarter panels which I can do it's
kind of expensive but I can do it just
depends on if I want to restore this
thing or if I want to turn it into a
crawler it might be cheaper to turn it
into a crawler but I did a little
stabbing over here and it's not quite as
bad but if you get real close
you can see where it was pretty rusty
and looks like someone just kind of
ground it down enough that they could
fit some bondo all in you see where the
bondo is all broken in here like I said
these lower quarter panels can be
replaced all you have to do is just
break all this crap out and then you've
got a line right there and just sawed it
off with the sawzall and then you would
weld and weld the new ones in
I think these doors are pretty solid but
the only way to really know a little bit
more you know the best way really is to
get a magnet I don't know where my
magnet is door feels like it's mostly
solid I'm not too worried about doors
there if I turn it into a crawler
they're going to disappear probably
anyway or at least somewhat
yeah there's a chunk of rest right there
under that fender
now the fenders they had originally out
of the factory I did some research on
this
these Broncos some of them came with
molded fiberglass fender flares that
were real small and you can see they
filed along this body line here and went
up all the way around and that was out
of the factory and I can tell that these
fenders have not been cut because
there's what's left of one of the
original rivet holes there's one right
there you know they're all along these
fenders are pretty trashed anyway I for
Christmas I have asked for a grinder of
real one because I've got one an air
controlled grinder and my compressor
can't really keep up because it's a
homemade compressor but anyway if I get
that grinder then I'll be able to get a
lot more done as far as cutting away
some of this rust and figuring out where
I want to go from there so this is going
to be Branko equals rust
101 and that was common on these old
Broncos to be real rusty so that's why
parts are available not cheap definitely
not cheap but available
I may have already showed you all this
but here's another spot of particularly
nasty rust and it was a common spot on
these Broncos to rust out you know
obviously this sides completely rested
through the other side is not quite so
bad but I'll definitely find a way to
fix it
probably just torch it out and weld in a
new new piece there because the door
when you lift it up and down it's kind
of loose but anyway should be a fun ride
but you know I decided to go on ahead
and switch it back to black for just a
little bit I know it was a waste of a
99-cent can of paint but I don't really
care I'm going to end up grinding it all
off anyway that door didn't come out too
good because they ran out of paint but
anyway like I said I don't really care
for right now